(theme music)
(lively hubbub)
(piano music)
(applause)
A little token of my affection
for my favourite Mr. Wednesday.
(new music starting)
That's my cue!
Enjoy the routine and
don't run off after.
(cheering, hooting
and whistling)
(exaggerated gasping
and sighing)
(whistling)
(hooting)
(ratchety sound of arming)
(cheering)
(gunshot)
(whistling)
The infamous
Star Room.
Not one of our city's
finer forms of entertainment.
A good burlesque can be
just as entertaining
as a good vaudeville.
If a little suggestive.
Well, this place
attracts all sorts.
Good evening, Doctor.
Inspector.
I'm sorry for dragging you
to such a place at this time
of night.
Not at all. I've always
wondered what
it looked like inside.
Not an entirely unlikely
venue in which to find a murder.
More unexpected that anyone
bothered to tell us about it.
Henry. Who telephoned
the police?
Well, sir...
I did.
George?
Crabtree!
What the bloody hell are you
doing in a place like this?
Sir...
(the inspector): Higgins.
(conversations)
All right. What did you see?
A couple of pretty girls.
A couple of not so pretty ones.
It's alright Crabtree.
I've been found in
worse places than this.
What can you tell us
about the incident, George?
Sirs, I can't tell you
much of anything.
Where were you seated?
Here at this table.
How could you not
see anything?
You were sitting
almost on top of the crime!
Well, Sir, I don't know;
it gets loud in here.
Well, this may help
explain a few things.
He used a kitchen
towel to muffle the gun.
So, he walks in, wraps
the gun in a kitchen towel,
shoots the victim,
and walks out.
And the victim's
dead a few minutes
before anyone's even noticed.
Giving the killer
ample time to escape.
Anything, Julia?
Yes. A single gunshot
wound to the right temple.
I'll conduct a full post-mortem
but I can't imagine the cause
of death will change.
Is it your day off, George?
Doctor, yes.
I'm sorry that the show
was so rudely interrupted.
They say it's quite a spectacle.
Actually, doctor,
it really is-Well...
Well.
(both, together): Yes.
(sighing): I believe my work
here is done. Gentlemen.
Thank you, Julia.
George... exactly what was
happening here an hour ago?
Sir, I believe that's when
Miss Nina Bloom was on stage.
Which would explain why
no one noticed this. She's...
She's rather the reason
why men come here.
You say that as though you've
been here more than once.
Let's get started,
shall we?
What would you like me to do?
Go home, Crabtree.
This is still
your day off.
Full of surprises, that one.
Hm.
Ah, you there...
You found the body, did you?
Yes, I did.
I heard this was a rough
place, but I didn't expect this.
And what were you doing
prior to finding the body?
I was around the tables,
picking up glasses.
And you didn't see anything?
Nothing.
Right. Thank you.
This place is full
of lowlifes.
Could have been any of them.
And you're certain that you
didn't see anyone take a towel
off the bar?
I'm here alone.
You see how crowded it is.
It hardly matters to me
what happens to the towels.
Can you identify the victim?
Called himself Gerry.
A regular?
Last couple of months.
Always sat at the same table.
Never caused any trouble.
Had a bit of an eye for Lydia.
Who?
Miss Lydia Hall.
The redhead.
We didn't see anything. We
were both busy on the stage.
You didn't hear anything
resembling a gunshot?
We already told you: no.
I understand
you were familiar with
the victim, Miss Hall?
No. Not really.
If you withhold
the truth from me,
I will be forced to add you
to my list of suspects.
Now, the truth, please.
His name was Gerry. He had
a room on Sumach Street.
The corner of
Sumach and King.
Thank you.
There it is!
Julia. I am concerned
about George
frequenting a place
like that on his own.
Perhaps he doesn't wish
to spend his free time
alone in his room.
Well, the vaudeville, yes.
The arcade, even.
But the Star Room?
It just doesn't seem like the
sort of place he would visit.
George has had
a difficult year, William.
First Edna,
then Emily leaving.
Perhaps he's simply lonely.
Hm...
At any rate, 22 caliber.
I'm afraid there's likely not
much else the body can tell us.
Right. Thank you, Julia.
I think
what George needs
is a friend.
Someone he can talk to.
Oh, would you--
Not me, William...
You!
Right. Right.
Ah, here we are, Sir.
Awfully callous of the landlord
to throw out the victim's
belongings so soon.
In any case, this must be
the crate he was talking about.
George, I thought
that you and I
might spend
an evening together,
um, outside of work.
Sir, I would
enjoy that very much.
Well, I thought
you might be amenable
to an evening
at Vaudeville.
Sir, to tell you the truth
I've gone off vaudeville
a bit. It's
too competitive.
All right then,
if not vaudeville,
perhaps, uh... a concert,
or... a lecture!
Yes. The Royal Society
of Geologists is hosting
an evening of talks
about tectonics,
that's the division of--
Perhaps you could choose
an activity, George.
Sir, I don't suppose you'd be
up for a night at the burlesque?
I know what you're thinking,
sir; some of the themes
are adult in nature, but it's
actually a very clever show,
sir. People often
say one thing
when they sort of mean
something else. Very cheeky.
Yes, I'm familiar with what
burlesque entails, George.
I just... didn't
figure that to be
your sort
of... comedy.
Well, sir, to tell you
the truth, it's one
of the dancers there.
Miss Nina Bloom. She's--
It sounds silly, sir,
but she is mesmerizing.
That's her job, George.
Yes, I realize
that, sir, but...
it's hard to explain.
Have you a relationship
with this...
Oh, heavens no, sir.
I doubt she knows me from Adam.
I see.
You really need to see her
perform to understand, I think.
Yes, well perhaps
we'll find an activity
that we could
both enjoy, huh?
Ah, here we are.
A birth certificate.
From Buffalo.
The victim's full name
was Gerald Sloan.
Well, here you are, George.
Find out everything you can
about Mr. Sloan from his
neighbours, his employer,
and I think you'll
find the dancer,
Miss Lydia Hall,
has some insights.
Sir.
All right, George.
It's good,
talking, like this.
It's quite good.
(hubbub)
Hello, Mr. Wednesday!
You do know the show
doesn't start until later.
Or are you hoping
for a sneak peek?
Eh, no. That is--
I don't believe
I caught your name.
George Crabtree.
Nina Bloom.
At your service, Constable.
I'm actually here on...
official business, Miss Bloom.
And here I thought you'd come
to help me with my routine.
Give me a few pointers
from a real copper.
Perhaps I'm holding
my gun incorrectly.
You are, in fact,
but I hardly think
anybody minds.
Oh no. This is my craft.
I strive for realism.
In fact, I'm
having some trouble
taming my billy club.
Maybe you can show me
your technique?
I am here to
investigate a murder.
Lucky me!
You don't act like most people
do when the police show up.
(soft laugh from her)
Especially --
In a place like this?
(laughing): Well,
I'm not most people.
And if you haven't noticed, I've
taken a bit of a shine to you.
I imagine you're like that
with most of your customers.
Heavens, no. Only
the ones I find interesting.
And I think you find me
interesting too.
I do.
Take me to dinner tonight.
Miss Bloom,
I'm here to speak--
I'm... I'm actually here
to speak to Lydia Hall
about Gerald Sloan.
Ah, all business, I see.
Well, she's not here yet.
You're at Station
Number... Four?
Yes.
Then that's where
I'll telephone you.
Ahem!
When Miss Hall arrives.
Mm-hm!
Then too!
(knocking): Sir,
the lads have yet
to come up with the murder
weapon, unfortunately. They've
turned the Star Room upside down
but have come up with nothing.
I'm not surprised,
George. What did you
find out about the victim?
Nothing again, sir.
He's unemployed, yet he gave
his landlord six months advance
in cash.
Family?
None on record. In fact,
there seems to be no record
of this chap prior to six months
ago, neither here or in Buffalo.
No, there wouldn't be.
Sir?
The birth certificate is a
forgery. "Gerald Sloan" doesn't
exist. It appears
an excursion is in order.
What is it with
these Americans?
Plastering their flag
over every conceivable surface.
National pride, sir.
I daresay the British
aren't much different.
Yes, but our flag is subtle.
Powerful in its simplicity.
I see.
According to George's
directions, the police station
should be somewhere
along this block.
Let's hope his mind wasn't
on certain other things
when he wrote them down.
Sir,
the instructions say that we are
to wait for a Detective Walker
outside the police station.
Hm...
(hubbub)
(door closing)
Murdoch and Brackenreid?
Badges, please.
Follow me.
You want to know about Gerald
Sloan. So do a lot of people.
Oh?
Though it hardly matters now.
The... the truth is,
he's not Gerald Sloan.
His real name is Gerry Sachs.
And just why did Sachs feel
the need to change his name?
I caught him on a job,
but rather than go to jail,
he turned informant and gave
evidence against the head of
the enterprise. Sachs' testimony
sent him away.
So I sent Sachs away.
You forged
the birth certificate.
In exchange for his testimony,
Sachs was given a new identity,
some cash, and a train
ticket to a new city.
He chose Toronto.
He didn't choose anything,
we did.
You sent a criminal to my city
without so much as a call?
Informing you
of his whereabouts would have
defeated the purpose, Inspector.
Unbelievable. I'll be having
a word with your superiors
about this.
I suppose it doesn't matter
anymore. Sachs was a test case.
The Relocation Agreement Tactic.
But since they found him,
I doubt I'll ever get
approval to do it again.
Since who found him,
Detective? Just who
did Mr. Sachs put in prison?
The founder of the Buffalo
chapter of the Black Hand.
Giuseppe Falcone.
You know of him?
If you had bothered to let us
know of your plans,
Sachs might still be alive.
At any rate, I imagine the
Black Hand are still operating
in spite of
Mr. Falcone's incarceration?
We expected his son would
take over, Giuseppe Junior.
But we haven't heard a peep
out of him for weeks.
We want to talk to Falcone.
That'll take time to arrange.
Oh, we've got plenty.
Did Mr. Sachs have any
next of kin?
A wife and some children.
Oh, may we..?
Better you than me.
(baby crying in the distance)
Gerry is really dead?
I'm afraid he is.
We can arrange
for his body to be
sent back to you from Toronto.
Don't bother.
I'm not about to get
stuck with his funeral bill.
I'm not sure
you know this, Mrs. Sachs,
but your husband
was granted asylum
in exchange for a testimony.
Oh, I know all about it.
We were packed and ready.
But the bastard up and left
without so much as a never-you-
mind and I never heard
from him again.
So, you and your children were
meant to go with him?
It was part of the deal.
What cold hearted bastard
would leave his wife behind
to support three children
all on her own?
And yet you never followed.
I would have if I'd
known where he'd gone.
Where were you two nights ago?
You're not serious. I was
on a sixteen-hour shift
at the Larkin soapworks,
which, thank the Lord,
I won't have to do much longer.
Why do you say that?
My husband is dead, Detective.
Now I can finally start over.
(piano music)
(chuckles from the crowd)
Things have quieted
down here a little bit.
A murder will do that. But it
is nice not having to fend off
groping hands for one night.
The unwanted ones, at least.
Are there many
unwanted ones?
I have my regulars.
The bespectacled
man, Eamon,
but he's harmless. There's
a couple of Aldermen,
who shall not be named.
And that Joe fellow
is the worst, though.
He even gave me his room number
at the Monarch Hotel. At least
he's moved on to Lydia now.
So,
are men in the habit of
giving you their room numbers?
It happens. Though
there is one in particular
I've yet to be offered.
So,
are you in the habit
of visiting men in their rooms.
If I so choose.
I see.
Do you think
that improper?
Do you think men are the only
ones who feel lust or passion?
No, of course not.
But you think they're the only
ones allowed to act on it.
I don't know. I don't know
it's proper that a young woman--
If you cared all that much
about propriety
you wouldn't be here.
Nina...
(applause)
Excuse me, squire.
I'll have a beer
and I'll take
the chicken please.
Ugh, all out.
Well then, I'll take
whatever you've got.
I'm sorry, sir,
the kitchen has no food left.
Bollocks.
What kind of restaurant
has no food?
You are welcome
to come see for yourself.
All we have left is the-Oop!
refuse from the chicken special.
What refuse?
The wings.
Inedible.
At this point,
I'd eat the bloody
feathers. Fry them up.
Oh, but sir, they're
just... bone and skin.
You're going to throw them
away, and I'm offering you
good money instead.
Hm,
if you're sure.
Go!
Off you go. All right.
Get him a beer!
Mr. Falcone will be at the
police station in the morning.
Excellent. Care
to join me?
What is that?
Dinner.
I've put some of this spicy
sauce on them. Try one.
No, thank you.
Your loss.
I'll tell you, Murdoch,
these chicken wings
are the only good
thing about Buffalo.
Will you look at that.
The Canadians are
eating our garbage.
Ahem.
I can move the screen
if you'd like.
I'm terribly sorry.
I can come back
at another time.
Why are you
in here, George?
I was...
I was looking
for Lydia Hall.
I don't think
that's really why.
I know what you want.
I see how you look
at me when I'm on stage.
I--
Mm...
Perhaps I misjudged.
Hm!
Perhaps I did not.
Is that your bag?
It's Lydia's.
What did that girl
get herself into?
I have to go. I should
bring this down to the station.
At this hour? I doubt anyone
will be there to see it.
That's probably
true, but...
The gun isn't going
anywhere, George.
Neither are you.
(engines, voices)
Thank you.
(Someone laughing)
Mr. Falcone.
I hope you're not here to
malign my good name yet again.
We're not here
to talk about the past.
Oh no? Now I am intrigued.
You knew this man.
Gerry Sachs. Or
his more recent name,
Gerald Sloan.
He testified against you.
Yes, I know. I was
there when it happened.
Gerry Sachs is dead.
He was murdered.
It was only a matter of time.
How did you find out
Mr. Sachs was in Toronto?
You just told me.
Mr. Falcone,
we know you didn't
kill Gerry Sachs,
but we have strong evidence that
his murder is connected to you.
Who did you order
to kill Sachs? Your son?
I didn't order anyone.
But I cannot stop those
loyal to me if they wish
to defend my honour.
And there are
many loyal to me.
Both men and women.
On both sides
of the border.
Nina! Nina, what in God's
name are you doing?
I'm just wondering why
Lydia would need this.
Nina, give me that. Oh God!
This is evidence.
Your fingermarks
are gonna be all over it now.
(sigh)
I need to go.
As you wish.
I mean, I really do.
I have to get this down
at the station right away.
You know where to find me.
Right.
(children's laughter)
Good morning, Crabtree.
Oddly dressed for work.
Sir, I was at the Star Room.
What, this morning?
Do what you want on your own
time. But I'm not paying you
to watch young girls prancing
around in their skivvies.
Sir! I found it
in the effects
of one of the dancers'
costumes. Lydia Hall's.
Any fingermarks on it?
Yes, sir.
Some of them will turn out to be
Nina Bloom's, but I assure you
they were applied
long after the murder.
I daren't ask
how that happened.
What led you
to search the costumes?
Well, I found myself in the
ladies' changing room, sir--
Found yourself there, did you?
Why were you
in the ladies' change room?
Well, I was interviewing
Miss Bloom, you see.
And her answers
led you to
Miss Hall's costume?
No, not exactly.
Well then, just what,
exactly, George? It could
be material to the case.
Murdoch. What do you
think he was doing
with a burlesque dancer
in her dressing room?
Oh. I see.
On the job, no less.
You'll want to thank
your lucky stars
that your little
assignation revealed evidence.
Otherwise we'd be having
a much different conversation
right now, bugalugs.
Sir.
George, a moment.
Yes, sir.
The Black Hand?
Back in Toronto?
So it would seem.
You understand
how this changes things?
Where is Miss Hall now?
At the Star Room?
No, sir. She didn't go to work
either last night.
I'll... find her.
Alright, George.
Sir,
I would like to employ
the assistance of Miss Bloom.
With your permission.
She could be involved in this.
I truly don't
believe she is, sir.
Tread carefully, George.
Sir.
Crabtree.
Good advice.
A woman like that will
most likely eat him alive.
Julia thinks that
George is just lonely.
That's one word
for it, I suppose.
I'll call Margaret.
Sir?
I'm certain Margaret can
find him a pleasant young lady
to take his mind off things.
Oh yes, of course, of course.
Julia and I
could host a dinner
this Saturday evening.
Saturday it is.
Lydia isn't a killer.
She's barely a dancer.
All the poor girl wants
is to find a husband.
Besides, she was on stage
with me the whole time.
I know, Nina. But the gun
was in her costume. She must
know something.
About last night...
What about it?
It was enjoyable.
I mean, it was beyond...
(She chuckles.)
I mean...
what I mean is we hardly
know each other, and--
And what?
Well, I'm sure you have
certain expectations.
Expectations?
Well, I just wanted you
to know I am an honourable man.
(laughing): I don't want
to marry you, George!
Well... no,
of course not.
Not yet.
Not ever. I hardly
even know you.
And besides, I'm not
that kind of woman.
What kind?
The marrying kind.
You shouldn't think so little
of yourself. I sure many men
would disregard your past.
I shouldn't care if they did
or didn't. I'm not like Lydia,
I don't dance at the burlesque
only to snag a husband.
Why do you then?
Because I enjoy it.
I won't deny myself the things
that bring me pleasure,
and that includes you.
If you think less of me
because of it, then so be it.
I don't.
Good.
Then should you want to
continue enjoying my company,
I will welcome you.
If not, I am happy to part now.
I don't want that.
Then stop questioning
the right or wrong of it.
It simply is.
I don't know anything
about any black hands
or any foreigners. All I know
is you fellows coming around
is really bad for business.
The sooner we catch
who's responsible, the sooner
we will stop coming around.
Look, you're
the bartender here.
You know better than anyone
what goes on in this place.
Who do you know
that has connections
to the Falcone
family out of Buffalo?
My new busboy is
from Buffalo. Miles Hart.
The same busboy who
discovered the body?
Yes.
Where is he now?
Look at the state
of this place.
Not here, obviously.
There might be one more place.
But she would have to be
really desperate to hide there.
Where is that?
Her parents' home. This way.
So, you really
believe that...
you can do whatever you want,
regardless of the consequences?
What consequences?
Your reputation.
My reputation is not who I am.
Well I know that but others--
Do you always act the way
others expect you to?
Well I don't know.
What is it you want?
What is it you
aspire to, George?
Respectability, I suppose,
like anybody else.
So, you grew up expecting
to find a girl, marry her,
have a family, and
live happily ever after.
Yes, more or less.
Has it happened?
No.
Does your life have
less meaning because of it?
Does it make you less of a man?
I don't know.
I hope not.
All I'm saying is
make your own choice.
Just because you were told
life should be a certain way,
doesn't mean it's the
only way. Marry, don't marry,
what does it matter?
This is it.
(knocking): Lydia?
Oh, Nina!
(She gasps.)
Miss Hall! Miss Hall!
I didn't say anything.
I didn't say anything,
I swear! Please, let me go!
I'm Constable George Crabtree.
I'm here to help you.
Let me just
get my coat.
Miss Hall if you just take a
seat here, Detective Murdoch
will be right with you.
Giltman, fetch the detective.
If you didn't do
anything wrong,
then just tell them the truth.
And if I did?
Oh Lydia. Don't go
too hard on her.
She's a simple girl really.
Oh, Nina, Detective Murdoch is
the fairest man I know. Listen,
I would never have found her
without you. Thank you for that.
You're welcome. But before I
go, I'd like to claim my reward.
Your reward..?
(whistling and hooting)
Crabtree!!
Sir!
Miss Bloom. The constabulary
thanks you for your services.
Oh I've already
been thanked, Inspector.
Now, if you don't mind,
we have work to do.
As do I. At the Star Room.
New show every week.
Goodbye, George.
Right, you lot, back to work!
(agitated chatter)
What do you think
this is, a bordello?
No, sir.
I'm sure there are files
that need filing.
Get up them stairs
and keep your bloody head down.
Sir.
This gun
was found in your costume.
How did it come to be there?
I don't know!
Miss Hall,
you must realize
that, at the moment,
you are in
serious trouble.
Obstruction of
an investigation,
and possibly,
accessory to murder.
Now, how did the gun come to be
amongst your personal effects?
That night,
I was on stage.
Afterwards I went
straight to my dressing room,
as I always do after my
performance, to rest a moment.
I didn't even know
what had happened.
Somebody yelled that no one
was to leave, the police
were on their way.
That's when he came in--
Who?
It was all I could do
to fight him off.
Miss Hall,
who came in?
I can't tell you.
He told me not to.
Miss Hall says a man
came into the dressing room
after Mr. Sachs
was killed.
So, once he heard the police
had been called and knew
he was trapped, he must
have followed Miss Hall
into her dressing room, and then
hid the weapon in her costume.
A plausible scenario.
What we need now
is for her to
identify her assailant.
That Hart fellow
from Buffalo,
I had Thompson bring him in.
He may be our man.
I'll see what
I can find out.
We have a suspect.
Now, I would like you to
tell me if it's the man you saw
in the dressing room
after the murder.
No. No!
Absolutely not!
If you can
identify him,
he'll be arrested.
And you will
no longer be in danger.
Is this the man?
(sighing): That's
the new busboy, Miles;
of course
it wasn't him.
It was one
of the patrons.
Can you describe him?
Young lady, you are
trying my patience.
He's been
coming around now
for a few weeks.
He calls himself Joe.
Thank you.
You heard all that?
We did.
Silly old girl.
She must be daft to dance
in a place like that anyway.
Sir,
isn't Giuseppe
Italian for Joseph?
You're thinking this
Joe fellow could be
Giuseppe Falcone Junior?
It's a possibility.
Sirs. If Giuseppe
is Joe,
I know where
to find him.
(chatter and birds chirping)
Somewhere
you'd rather be?
No, sir.
I telephoned
from the exchange.
So, if Mr. Falcone Junior is
paying the staff to warn him,
he'll be coming out
any moment.
Look, Crabtree, I'm glad
you're having yourself
a bit of fun with that dancer.
She is a looker. But be careful.
Careful, sir?
Women like that
are only after one thing.
Look at yourself:
nice lad, good prospects.
Not the sort that she
usually crosses paths with.
She may be trying to entrap
you, George, into marriage.
Sirs, she's not interested
in that, she's told me as much.
Of course she did.
Your brain's so addled you can't
see the wood for the trees.
With all due respect, it's
hardly any of your business.
End it now, Crabtree.
I'm afraid the
Inspector is right, George.
You as well, sir?
Get smart.
You wouldn't want
a woman like that raising
your children now, would you?
Considering who raised me,
I wouldn't think it
much of a problem, sir.
That's him. I recognize
him from the Star Room.
Giuseppe Falcone?
Detective William Murdoch,
Toronto Constabulary.
We know who you are,
and what you've been up to.
Congratulations.
Don't be smug.
Your father can't help you
beat a murder charge
from jail, now can he?
Go ahead and charge me.
You can't prove a damn thing.
But it's going to be fun
watching you buffoni try.
Sachs deserved
every bullet he got.
You were at the Star Room
at the time of the murder?
I gave my statement
to one of your constables.
Which left out
your little sojourn
into the dressing room whereupon
you hid the murder weapon.
That's a nice
story! Look,
I'm not saying
I didn't kill him.
Then say you did.
Why should I?
This gun was found
amongst the dancers' costumes
at the Star Room.
No one's gonna
say that's mine.
They don't have to.
Your fingermarks are on it.
That's all the proof we need.
Wait. Wait.
Yes, that's my gun.
But I didn't kill anybody.
Right.
No, really!
I was going to.
I mean, I was supposed
to do it. Weeks ago.
I just...
I couldn't.
But I'm a Falcone;
I had to take
the credit.
Even though
you didn't do it.
It can still
be me, can't it?
Just... without
going to jail?
Sir, the bullet did not
come from Falcone's gun.
So he's telling the truth?
It would appear so.
But he was sent
here for that purpose.
His father did indeed know that
Mr. Sachs was here in Toronto.
So then, who told
Falcone Senior?
It was that dancer.
She showed up in Buffalo,
mouthing off about Gerry.
Which dancer was in Buffalo?
You know,
the one who led me on.
The... the redhead.
Gerry already had
a wife, back in Buffalo,
but he said
he wanted to marry me.
He told you that?
He told me everything.
That he was a thief back
in Buffalo, but he wanted
to go straight. So he changed
his name and came here
to start over.
I'm afraid
that's not quite true.
It is. He wanted to marry me,
only his wife
wouldn't let him.
So you decided to go to
Buffalo to confront his wife.
I thought that if I could show
her that Gerry was lost to her,
that... she would let him go.
And what did
Mrs. Sachs say to you?
She wanted a divorce.
She even had a new beau.
Only, she didn't know
where Gerry was.
So you told her.
Of course!
I told Gerry that
everything was worked out.
He was so mad at me,
I never understood why.
Gerry Sachs was
given a new identity
in exchange for his testimony
against a powerful criminal.
What?
His family was to join him,
but he abandoned them instead.
He was never going
to marry me, was he?
He lied to me.
About everything.
Oh my God. I told them
where Gerry was!
He was killed because
of me. It was all my fault!
I ju-I just
wanted a husband.
I just wanted to be able
to walk down the street
with my head held high.
Miss Hall told Mrs. Sachs
that her husband was here in
Toronto. Yet Mrs. Sachs told us
she had no idea where he was.
Why lie to us?
She didn't kill her husband.
The soapworks confirmed
that she worked
a sixteen-hour shift that day.
She didn't kill anyone.
Go on.
Well, sir, Mrs. Sachs
told Miss Hall that she had
a new beau and that
she intended to remarry.
So you think the new beau told
Falcone where Sachs
was hiding, expecting
him to take care of it.
Which Falcone did
by sending his son here.
But Junior didn't do
what he was supposed to.
So perhaps this mystery
beau decided to take care
of Mr. Sachs himself.
So all we have to do now
is find the bugger.
(chatter and horses' hooves
on pavement)
No one
in the Star Room
saw or heard a thing.
Not even George, who was seated
almost on top of the victim.
Why should anyone
have noticed anything
if they were so fixated
on the stage, as you say?
Only something unexpected
would have diverted attention.
But isn't a man walking
through a crowded room
with a towel unexpected?
(piano music)
(gunshot and fracas)
You're sure he's here?
The bartender at the Star Room
said he was headed back
to Buffalo. Let's hope
he wasn't lying.
I doubt it. He succeeded
where Junior failed. Falcone
will want to reward him.
(knocking loudly)
Go back to Toronto
and leave me alone.
Mrs. Sachs, step aside
or you'll be arrested
for harbouring a fugitive.
There's no one here!
Hold your horses,
sunshine! Come here!
Leave him alone! Miles only
wanted to give me a better life.
Miles Hart. You are under
arrest for the murder
of Gerry Sachs.
You can't arrest me.
I'm an American citizen.
Extradition papers.
Canada's this way, Mr. Hart.
Ma'am.
George!
This is a nice surprise.
Can you unlace me?
I wasn't expecting
to see you tonight.
Aren't you supposed to be out
protecting our fine citizenry?
I should tell you that I'm
otherwise engaged this evening.
Well, that's quite a face.
Could use some cheering up.
What's wrong?
Tell me.
Nina...
I had words with
my Inspector. About you.
What did he say?
Nothing.
Nothing at all.
A casual evening
amongst friends.
That's exactly
what George needs
to get his mind off
of his burlesque dancer.
William, it isn't
for you to judge
with whom George
chooses to spend his time.
I only mean that...
George deserves better.
You don't even know her.
Her reputation.
Well, consider my reputation.
Is that how you would judge me?
So you and the Inspector
are delivering
this poor woman to George?
Oh, she's a fine young lady.
Her father owns a stationery
store on Avenue Road.
Oh! We know how much
George loves pens!
Right!
William, I can't see
how this is a good idea
from any perspective.
Let's make our guests
feel welcome,
shall we?
We'll head down to the dining
room when George appears.
Oh!
Cheese?
Must be nice to have someone
do all the cooking for you.
You should have tasted the
abomination Thomas made for me
last night.
Sir, you didn't.
I did indeed. Margaret
got to enjoy the spicy wings
of Buffalo.
The boys loved them.
Ugh, ghastly.
Will Mr. Crabtree
be here soon?
I'm sure he will.
But don't make yourself
too available. A good man
relishes the challenge--
(knocking)
Ah! That must be
the man of the hour now.
Now get to your feet.
Let him see
what awaits.
Welcome!
Thank you for the kind
invitation, Doctor Ogden.
We're pleased
to have you, George.
I hope you don't mind,
I brought a guest.
I am so delighted
to have been included
in your little soiree.
Crabtree.
Thomas!!
Not again!
Everyone. Meet
my new sweetheart,
Miss Nina Bloom.
(chuckling from Dr. Ogden)
(theme music)
Closed Captioning by: Sette inc.